README.md, before:

<!-- 
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages). 

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages). 
-->

TODO: Put a short description of the package here that helps potential users
know whether this package might be useful for them.

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder. 

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to 
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect 
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

Added a short discription/some feeatures

README.md, after:

<!-- 
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages). 

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages). 
-->

A library to manage/play a game of Scopa.

## Features

Complete:
- TODO: Actually implement stuff

Incomplete:
- Provides a representation of italian playing cards
- Custom point settings for primiera
- Simulate turn based gameplay
- TODO: Go over notes and flush this out

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder. 

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

<!--
## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to 
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect 
from the package authors, and more.
-->
